Added Accessibility Testing basics how to article (#1204)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/accessibility/test-tab-key-source-order-viewer.md

The `Tab` key order on the demo page is:
1. The **Search** field, then the **go** button for the **Search** field.
1. The **More** button in the **Cats** section, to navigate to a "Cats" webpage.  Then the other **More** buttons, for Dogs, Sheep, Horses, and then Alpacas.
1. The blue links of the sidebar navigation menu: **Cats**, **Dogs**, **Sheep**, **Horses**, and then **Alpacas**.
1. The donation textbox in the donation form.
1. The buttons in the top navigation bar: **Home**, **Adopt a pet**, **Donate**, **Jobs**, and then **About Us**.
1. The browser's top-of-window interface.

The reason for the confusing `Tab` key order after the **More** buttons is that the order of keyboard access is determined by the source order of the document.  The order of keyboard access can also be modified by defining a `tabindex` attribute on any element, to take that element out of the source order.

> In the source code of the document, the sidebar navigation menu with blue links appears _after_ the main content of the webpage.  The sidebar navigation menu is only rendered above most of the main content of the webpage because the sidebar navigation menu has been positioned using CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the source code of the document, the sidebar navigation menu appears after the main content of the webpage.  CSS was used to position the sidebar navigation menu above most of the main content of the webpage. 
```

> You can test the order of page elements by using the **Source Order Viewer** in the **Accessibility** tab.  The **Source Order Viewer** is an experimental feature; for more information, see [Source Order Viewer](../experimental-features/index.md#source-order-viewer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test the order of page elements by using the **Source Order Viewer** in the **Accessibility** tab.  The **Source Order Viewer** is an experimental feature. For more information, navigate to [Source Order Viewer](../experimental-features/index.md#source-order-viewer).
```

> **To turn on the Source Order Viewer:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn on the Source Order Viewer:
```

> 1.  In DevTools, in the upper right, select the **Settings** \(![Settings button](../media/settings-button-icon.msft.png)\) button.  The **Settings** page of DevTools appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In DevTools, in the upper right, select the **Settings** \(![Settings button](../media/settings-button-icon.msft.png)\) button.  
```

> 1.  Below **Settings**, select **Experiments**.  The **Experiments** settings page appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Below **Settings**, select **Experiments**.  
```

1.  Select the **Source Order Viewer** checkbox.

> 1.  In the upper-right corner of the **Settings** page, select **X** to close the Settings page.  At the top of DevTools, a message appears: "One or more settings have changed which require a reload to take effect."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In the upper-right corner of the **Settings** page, select **X** to close the Settings page.  At the top of DevTools, the message **One or more settings have changed which require a reload to take effect.** is displayed.  Select the **Reload DevTools** button.
```

> 1.  Select the **Reload DevTools** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **To activate and use the Source Order Viewer, with the demo page:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To activate and use the Source Order Viewer, with the demo page:
```

1.  Open the [accessibility-testing demo webpage][DevToolsA11yErrorsDemopage] in a new tab.  Then select **F12** to open DevTools.

1.  In the **Elements** tool, to the right of the **Styles** tab, select the **Accessibility** tab.

1.  In the **Source Order Viewer** section, select the **Show source order** checkbox.  In the rendered webpage, numbers appear, indicating the `Tab` order as controlled by the order of lines of code in the source file.

> 1.  In the DOM tree in the **Elements** tool, select a major layout element, such as the `header` element.  Numeric overlays now appear on sections of the rendered page, showing you the source order without you having to manually check the order in the HTML file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In the DOM tree in the **Elements** tool, select a major layout element, such as the `header` element.  Numeric overlays now display on sections of the rendered page, which indicate the source order of the different elements. 
```
